In this section we're going to talk about all these topics and this is something that I created called
the star of security.
I know I'm not very good with naming but I want you to use this as a reference that you can come back
to and check to see if you've applied these principles in your applications if you practice these when
working as a developer you're going to be miles ahead of most programmers.
We're going to talk about each one separately and I'll show you how you can safeguard against them and
what some of the best practices are.
Like I said I have this as a reference and come back to it by the end of this section you're going to
feel comfortable with each topic and be able to create secure applications which means people will trust
you to leave projects for them and manage developers.
I'll see in the next video.